feat(WizardComposable): Created composable spinoff of wizard w/ enhancements (#7703)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/WizardComposable/examples/WizardComposable.md

---
id: Wizard
section: components
cssPrefix: pf-c-wizard
propComponents:
  [
    'WizardComposable',
    'WizardComposableFooter',
    'WizardComposableToggle',
    'WizardComposableStep',
    'WizardComposableBody',
  ]
---

import { Button, WizardComposable, WizardComposableFooter, WizardComposableStep, WizardComposableBody, useWizardFooter, ModalVariant, Alert, EmptyState, EmptyStateIcon, EmptyStateBody, EmptyStateSecondaryActions, Title, Progress } from '@patternfly/react-core';
import { css } from '@patternfly/react-styles';
import styles from '@patternfly/react-styles/css/components/Wizard/wizard';
import ExternalLinkAltIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/external-link-alt-icon';
import SlackHashIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/slack-hash-icon';

> PatternFly has two implementations of a `Wizard`, where the latest `WizardComposable`. Its temporary name speaks to the improvements made to the composition of the Wizard and its ansillary components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PatternFly has two implementations of a `Wizard`.

 The first is the newest `WizardComposable`. It takes a more explicit and declarative approach. Its temporary name speaks to the improvements made to the composition of the Wizard and its ancillary components.
```

Author: That first sentence I had definitely didn't sound right, so thanks for this suggestion.

> The documentation for the older `Wizard` implementation can be found under the [React legacy](/components/wizard/react-legacy) tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second is the original `Wizard` component. It is configuration-based and takes a less declarative and more implicit approach. The documentation for the older `Wizard` implementation can be found under the [React legacy](/components/wizard/react-legacy) tab.
```

    'WizardComposableToggle',
    'WizardComposableStep',
    'WizardComposableBody',
  ]
---

import { Button, WizardComposable, WizardComposableFooter, WizardComposableStep, WizardComposableBody, useWizardFooter, ModalVariant, Alert, EmptyState, EmptyStateIcon, EmptyStateBody, EmptyStateSecondaryActions, Title, Progress } from '@patternfly/react-core';
import { css } from '@patternfly/react-styles';
import styles from '@patternfly/react-styles/css/components/Wizard/wizard';
import ExternalLinkAltIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/external-link-alt-icon';
import SlackHashIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/slack-hash-icon';

PatternFly has two implementations of a `Wizard`.

The first is the newest, `WizardComposable`. It takes a more explicit and declarative approach. Its temporary name speaks to the improvements made to the composition of the Wizard and its ancillary components.

The second is the original `Wizard` component. It is configuration-based and takes a less declarative and more implicit approach. The documentation for the older `Wizard` implementation can be found under the [React legacy](/components/wizard/react-legacy) tab.

> ## Structure

Author: I felt it was redundant, but don't feel strongly about it, so for now I'll update it to be consistent with the others. We can always change it later.

The standard sub-component relationships are arranged as follows:

```noLive
<WizardComposable>
  <WizardComposableStep id='step-1' name='Step 1'>Step 1 content</WizardComposableStep>
  <WizardComposableStep
    id='step 2'
    name='Step 2'
    steps={[
      <WizardComposableStep id='sub1' name='Sub 1'>Sub 1 content</WizardComposableStep>
      <WizardComposableStep id='sub2' name='Sub 2'>Sub 2 content</WizardComposableStep>
    ]}
  />
</WizardComposable>
```

## Examples

### Basic

```ts file="./WizardBasic.tsx"
```

### Custom Nav

```ts file="./WizardCustomNav.tsx"
```

> ### Kitchen Sink

Author: That's fair. Does this look alright? The description here covers the main features being showcased:
<img width="880" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96431149/181312878-cd58e036-e32c-45d2-8e86-ba27f10f51e1.png">

> ### Kitchen Sink

Reviewer 2: Looks good!
